Copyright © 2006-2010 Operational Dynamics Consulting, Pty Ltd and Others


java-gnome is Logiciel Libre and is Open Source; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2
(“GPL”).

Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is making a
combined work based on this library. Thus, the terms and conditions of the GPL
cover the whole combination.

As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent modules, and
to copy and distribute the resulting executable under terms of your choice,
provided that you also meet, for each linked independent module, the terms and
conditions of the license of that module. An independent module is a module
which is not derived from or based on this library. If you modify this
library, you may extend this exception to your version of the library, but you
are not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception
statement from your version.

In other words, if you change java-gnome itself, you can still link against
it, but you must publish the changes you made to this library.

—

java-gnome is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GPL for more details. In particular, note that
if you use this and lose your data, you’re on your own.

Of course, if you find a bug, please let us know. And, if you fix anything or
improve the code please contribute your changes back — that’s the whole idea
of Open Source. See BUGS and HACKING files for details.

You should have a copy of the GPL somewhere on your system. If you don’t, see
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ or write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
